Questions,
    1. Briefly explain the need of a programming language?
    2.  Compare and contrast the differences between followings;
        a. Source Code vs. Machine Code
        b. High Level Language vs. Low Level Language
        c. Compiler vs. Interpreter
        d. Structured Language vs. Object Oriented Language
        e. C vs. C++
        f. C++ v. Java
        g. Syntax error vs. Logical error

Answers,
    1.
        Programming language abstract the machine language and make it easier for humans to develop
        software efficiently and effectively.
    2.
        a.
            Source code is the actual code a programmer writes where as machine code is the code that
            is compiled/interpreted from the source code and is executed by the computer.
        b.
            High level languages are languages that are closer to human language where as low level
            languages are closer to machine language. High level languages are easier to read and
            write where as low level languages are harder to read and write. High level languages
            are more portable where as low level languages are less portable. High level languages
            are slower than low level languages where as low level languages are faster than high
            level languages.
        c.
            A compiler translated source code into machine code before execution, all the possible
            branching of execution flow of the program is translated and errors are raised before
            execution. Where as an intepreter compiles and executes code line by line where the
            program flow branches accordingly, errors are only raised when a chunk of code where
            the error lies is executed. Compiled programs are typically faster than interpreted
            as they are not embeded in a run time environment.
        d.
            A structured language is a language that is based on the concept of structured programming
            where as an object oriented language is based on the concept of object oriented programming.
            Structured programming is based on the concept of breaking down a program into smaller
            subroutines or functions, where as object oriented programming is based on the concept of
            objects and classes. Structured programming is more suited for smaller programs where as
            object oriented programming is more suited for larger programs.
        e.
            C is a very basic strutured language used as a base for many other languages, it is a
            procedural language where as C++ is a structured language that is object oriented. C++
            implements many features of object oriented programming such as classes, inheritance.
        f.
            Both the languages are object oriented, however Java is a high level language where
            designed to be platform independent where as C++ is designed to be platform dependent.
            Java is compiled into bytecode which is then interpreted by the Java Virtual Machine
            where as C++ is compiled into machine code.
        g.
            Syntax errors are raised when the rules that govern the language syntax is violated.
            Source code should be written in a way where the specific Interpreter/compiler can
            understand the program flow in accordance with its abstract syntax tree.
            Meanwhile logical errors are when the program does not behave as expected, this is
            usually due to the programmer not understanding the problem or the language well
            enough to implement the solution correctly. To mitigate this, the programmer should
            test the program thoroughly and debug the program.
